[Music]
people with a good sense of humor live
happier lives
if you treat difficult situations with
humor or play fun little jokes on your
nearest and dearest you'll always be in
a good mood we promise these short
stories will charge your day with
positive energy watch till the end and
then tell us in the comments which story
made you laugh out
[Music]
my bestie got married thanks to her
sense of humor she has very small
breasts and wears pads and push-up bras
one day we went to the beach she
unfolded her towel with a gracious
movement at that same moment her bra
fell down together with her fake breasts
she said jeez what a gale it blew my bra
away with my boobs the guy who was
sitting next to us laughed to death he
proposed to her a month later
[Music]
we bought some edible paper for the
restaurant I worked at I brought several
sheets home my wife came and saw me
sitting at the kitchen table with a lot
of papers around me i fearfully screamed
you are just in time they know
everything
eat the papers or we are going to jail I
put an edible sheet in my mouth and gave
her the regular one she swallowed it in
two seconds I don't remember the last
time I laughed so hard
[Music]
I applied a hair mask and when I washed
it off I noticed that my hair was way
darker than before my hair dried I saw
the new color clearly it was bright blue
in fact my dad had decided to play a
joke on my mom and he thought it was her
mask
I couldn't wash the blue color off my
hair and went to school and just like
that the teacher asked my parents to
come to school and explain my new look
the day before this my father washed his
hair with the same mask I wish you could
have seen my teachers face and my dad
and I came to her both of us had blue
hair
[Music]
I was on a subway a pregnant girl came
into the subway car one guy offered her
a seat she thanked him and sat holding
her belly with her hand when her stop
was announced she went to the exit and a
cushion fell out of her sweater she was
shocked that she got paid and tried to
rush through the people to get to the
exit the guy who offered her a seat took
the cushion smiled and said excuse me
ma'am but your baby just fell out
one day I came home and saw a total mess
flour was everywhere and my husband was
cooking something my expression was
angrier than a thousand hellhounds my
husband looked at me grabbed a handful
of flour threw it under his feet like a
ninja and a movie rolled onto the floor
recan away
[Music]
I'm a bartender one day I came home
terribly exhausted my girlfriend asked
me angrily hey bartender where's my
cappuccino I rushed to the kitchen to
make her a cappuccino and then hurt her
laughing out loud
[Laughter]
my sister came to visit me I have a
mannequin at home as I make men's
clothes sometimes I talked to him as if
he's my boyfriend I wake up in the
morning and say to him Tim make me a
coffee and I go make him myself I went
to the bathroom for a couple of minutes
and left the coffee on the table when I
returned I said thanks Tim my sister
asked me to whom are you talking I
decided to have some fun and told her
that my mannequin was a robot when I was
getting ready to go to work I heard the
following Tim make me a coffee
Tim coffee hey can you hear me
[Music]
I was in a shop buying wine with my
friends I'm 27 but the cashier asked to
see my ID my smile then told her it was
a compliment for me
she sighed and answered you got me wrong
I asked for the ID only to laugh at the
pictures
my friend recently became a policeman
when she was finally officially employed
she got so drunk that she fell asleep on
the bathroom floor now I call her a
sleeping policeman
[Laughter]
[Music]
I saw a man who slipped on a moving
staircase today and went down on his
butt saying geez just like a corporate
ladder
[Music]